soc: espressif: esp32c6: Add LP_CORE support (#84092)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: boards/espressif/esp32c6_devkitc/doc/index.rst

.. zephyr-app-commands::
   :tool: west
   :zephyr-app: samples/hello_world

>    :board: esp32c6_devkitc/esp32c6/hpcore

Reviewer: New target names will break existing users. Would recommend adding an entry to migration guide, and you should also add a deprecated board name for `esp32c6_devkit` to boards/deprecated.cmake aliasing the new hpcore target

.. zephyr-app-commands::
   :zephyr-app: samples/hello_world
   :board: esp32c6_devkitc/esp32c6/hpcore
   :goals: build flash
   :gen-args: -DOPENOCD=<path/to/bin/openocd> -DOPENOCD_DEFAULT_PATH=<path/to/openocd/share/openocd/scripts>

You can debug an application in the usual way. Here is an example for the :zephyr:code-sample:`hello_world` application.

.. zephyr-app-commands::
   :zephyr-app: samples/hello_world
   :board: esp32c6_devkitc/esp32c6/hpcore
   :goals: debug

Low-Power CPU (LP CORE)
***********************

The ESP32-C6 SoC has two RISC-V cores: the High-Performance Core (HP CORE) and the Low-Power Core (LP CORE).

> It features ultra low power consumption, an interrupt controller, a debug module and a system bus

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The LP Core features ultra low power consumption, an interrupt controller, a debug module and a system bus
```
